Made by Minseo Kang
email: mk1955 [at] georgetown [dot] edu
Updated on December 9th, 2019.
For Professor Essick: Advanced Programming (COSC 150)

Instruction for Maxwell's Demon Game

If you initiate the game, there will be four objects in total; two red (hot) objects in the left box and two blue (cold) objects in the right box.
These objects are confined in the boxes (black lines) unless it has a free white space to move around. 
The summary of these objects are shown right below the boxes. There are counters for total number of objects in both boxes and number of different objects in both boxes.
The summary also include the average speed and temperature of objects in either boxes and they are updated every second. The speed is in unit of centimeter per second.

There are 7 buttons in total:
1. If you click "Add Red on Left," a red (hot) object will be added on the left hand side box. The location of the object will be randonmly generated.
2. If you click "Add Blue on Left," a blue (cold) object will be added on the left hand side box. The location of the object will be randonmly generated.
3. If you click "Add Red on Right," a red (hot) object will be added on the right hand side box. The location of the object will be randonmly generated.
4. If you click "Add Blue on Right," a blue (cold) object will be added on the right hand side box. The location of the object will be randonmly generated.
5. If you click "Add Particle," a red (hot) and a blue (cold) objects will be added on both left and right sides boxes. The location of the objects will be randonmly generated.
6. If you click "Reset," the game will be reset and you will return to the inital state of four particles; two red (hot) objects in the left box and two blue (cold) objects in the right box.
7. If you click "Exit," the game will abort the screen and the program will be terminated.

If you click the mouse elsewhere other than these seven buttons, the bar between two boxes will be removed and objects will freely move between two boxes.
If you release the mouse click, then the bar is rebuilt and balls will be confined in the boxes again. It is shown whether the mouse is clicked above the boxes.